hello everyone welcome back to pokemon
showdown random battles okay so yeah I
was stupid and left a chest not in there
against a neat o king that's not a good
idea but let's go into omastar and we
are going to just let's just surf we've
got an air balloon yeah we've got really
high special attack let's see what
happens he should probably switch out
he's faster i think but we'll see wow he
misses Focus Blast that's lucky and we
won a KO is neo king so justice for
chest knauss for chest not I definitely
shouldn't have left just not in there
the first turn but whatever what's it
worth power we can come back from this
or actually let's stealth rock I would
rather use almost are at full health
we're faster than more while wow he
misses play rough too that's really
unlucky let's go into Seviper actually
let's go on a rose red and even resisted
that those fifty four percent and we get
us attack drop play rough seems like it
lowers attack every single time let's
see if we can hit a sweet powder nice
and now we can see what HP fire does
it's probably not going to do too much
but oh yeah that's an easy to ação he
wakes up though and he's got fire Fang
well less sucks couldn't just stay
asleep for one turn all right well I
guess he deserves that after missing a
player off and a focus blast but let's
see we're gonna have to heat wave Scott
sucker punch but heat waves gonna take
him right out he now knows we have a
heat wave on pidgeot so
if we need that in the future that's
probably not going to be too useful but
I kind of had to do it we've got an
expert build on this thing we still got
omastar at full health so that'll be
good he's gonna go into zapdos we don't
have much that wants to take this stuff
but let's go into regigigas yeah
thunderbolts not going to do much and we
have leftovers so let's uh we could
throw up a substitute oh it's got toxic
SAP doses are so annoying random battles
sometimes you just don't have stuff to
handle them I don't know that I have
anything that can do more than fifty
percent of the zapdos if he has roost
yeah and then he takes that easily if
this thing that's roost I don't think I
can touch it and see what happens once
slowstar ends we will be able to do more
damage but I imagine he's just gonna
solve again here yeah hmm this is a
problem well this is my last turn I'm
gonna have regigigas
yeah so I guess we find out here if this
thing has roost see what happens he
can't toxic this so that helps let's
just poison jab that's the attack you've
got its gonna do the most damage this
thing is a mixed attacker he's going to
go in its saw two that's a 28 k 0 and
this one probably has magic bounce we
lived through that and kill the saw too
so that helps a lot still 3 vs 3 he's
probably got a mock punch here I don't
know it might be worth it just to let
some viper die though yeah I'm just
gonna go for poison jab and yeah he's
life orbed I don't think anything's
gonna want to take a brave bird
especially not elder and he left it
in that's kind of an interesting choice
if zapdos is faster than pidgeotto it's
over if I'm faster brayford might kill
though oh it doesn't uh yeah heatwave
might have killed but not sure I don't
know if that would have been worth it
with the stab damage let's just ice beam
here and see what happens he can
probably kill us in one shot yeah I
don't know if you turn would have been
worth it oh he just hidden powers that's
interesting okay so i don't think that
zapdos had roost and his last pokemon is
ninjask oh well let's ice beam he's
going to speed boost yeah that sucks
well let's go for it his whatever attack
he has will probably kill us I'm not
sure Oh x-scissor doesn't kill all right
well way to go home a star he didn't
have a bug bus or anything wow we really
pulled that one out lord helix takes it
okay well i'll see you guys next time